Changelog 4.39.0. (#3042)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: changelog.txt

4.39.0
==========
### New Features:
**Added new `LogLevel.Always` and logging of important health metrics** to help with diagnostics of MSAL. See [3004](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3004).  

### Bug Fixes:
**Fixed a crash in telemetry API when `AcquireToken*` builder is reused`**. See [3024](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3024).  

> **Fixed sending an incorrect Cached Credential Service (CCS) value in B2C apps**. See [2748](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2748).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Fixed sending an incorrect backup authentication system (CCS) value in B2C apps**. See [2748](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2748).  
```
